Corpus requirments (#99)
ADAH-EviDENce/evidence: experiments/README.md

Within a top-level folder named `corpus` the user places a folder per corpus document, with a unique name
identifying the document.

Within each of these folders all fragments constituting a document are placed. Each
fragment should have a name identifying its place in the sequence of fragments constituting the parent document
and adhering to the format `AAA_paragraph_XX-YY_BBB.txt`, where
`AAA` can be any string (not containing `paragraph_`), `XX` and `YY` should be two numbers
with `YY` > `XX` denoting the paragraphs contained in the fragment, and `BBB` can again be any string
(not containing `paragraph_`). Valid examples are:

`paragraph_9-12.txt`

`mycol_paragraph_99-112_clean.txt`

This filename must be unique WITHIN a document, but need not be unique within the corpus.

Each of these fragment files should be formatted as a single line of flat ascii text
containing the full content of the contained paragraphs.

## Corpus ingestion
The aforementioned `corpus` folder with its substructures and contents can then be copied to the folder the
user has created in the `experiment` folder and ingested into the evidence tool as detailed in the instructions

> (see [README](../README.md)).

Reviewer: This is deprecated, isnt it?

# Preparing a corpus for use with evidence

The aim of the evidence tool is to enable and support researchers interested in
applying a close-reading methodology for their scientific question to efficiently
make use of large digitized text corpora. Of course, different researchers will

> be intersted in different corpora based on their scientific focus. Rather than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be interested in different corpora based on their scientific focus. Rather than
```

> provide support for (a selection of) specific corpora, evidence is therefore designed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provide support for (a selection of) specific corpora, ``evidence`` is therefore designed
```

Author: done

> to ingest and make accessible via it's user interface (UI) corpus of the user's choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to ingest and make accessible via its user interface a corpus of the user's choice.
```
"its" possessive, "it's" short for "it is"

Author: done

> The ability to do so, however, depends on the user presenting evidence the corpus in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ability to do so, however, depends on the user presenting ``evidence`` the corpus in
```

Author: done

question in a manner the tool understands. Accordingly, this document outlines what is

> understood as a corpus in the context of evidence, and in what format the user should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
understood as a corpus in the context of ``evidence``, and in what format the user should
```

> supply their corpus in order to make use of evidence. Given the plethora of formats in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supply their corpus in order to make use of ``evidence``. Given the plethora of formats in
```

> which corpora may exist in digital archives we DO NOT provide general instructions on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which corpora may exist in digital archives we do not provide general instructions on
```

> how to prepare any specific corpus to meet the required format, instead focussing only on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
how to prepare any specific corpus to meet the required format, instead focusing only on
```

> the structure evidence expects. Nonetheless, As an example we provide a script for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the structure ``evidence`` expects. Nonetheless, as an example we provide a script for
```

> preparing a corpus in FoLiA format for ingestion into evidence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
preparing a corpus in FoLiA format for ingestion into evidence. (TODO #113)
```

## A corpus

> In the context of evidence, we refer to a corpus as a collection of individual documents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of ``evidence``, we refer to a corpus as a collection of individual documents
```

or texts.

### Documents
There are no strict upper or lower limits to the number of documents a collection

> can/should contain, however, as evidence trains a machine learning model over the corpus,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can/should contain, however, as ``evidence`` trains a machine learning model on the corpus,
```

too small corpora may give rise to poor performance. Typically, a corpus containing several
million words, respectively several ten thousand paragraphs (see below) should suffice.

### Paragraphs
The expectation is that each document will consist of a (varying) number of paragraphs.
There is no upper bound on the number of paragraphs an individual document may have, nor is there

> strict lower bound. However, as a rule of thumb, at least 2 paragraphs (with of order 150 words) is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a strict lower bound. However, as a rule of thumb, at least 2 paragraphs (with of order 150 words) is
```

a good lower bound.

### Languages
Preferably, all documents within a corpus should be written in one language. However, this is
not a strict requirement. If multiple languages are present, the fractions of the total corpus in

> each language should ideally be balanced. If this is not the case, evidence will still work,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each language should ideally be balanced. If this is not the case, ``evidence`` will still work,
```

> however results for the minority language(s) may be untrustworthy, especially if the corpus itself

Reviewer: can you be more specific than "corpus itself". E.g. "number of documents" or "number of fragments"

is small.

> ## Structure within evidence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Structure within ``evidence``
```

While the constituent documents provide a natural subdivision of a corpus, they are not sufficiently
granular for accurately identifying sections of text with a common topic or theme. Therefore, rather

> than processing the documents of a corpus as a whole, evidence makes use of sub-sections of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than processing the documents of a corpus as a whole, ``evidence`` makes use of sub-sections of
```

documents of a corpus.

### Fragments

> Referred to as fragments, these sub-sections represent the atomic unit of a corpus within evidence and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Referred to as fragments, these sub-sections represent the atomic unit of a corpus within ``evidence`` and
```

> the totality of all elements represents the corpus. Each fragment has a unique id, which simultaneously also links it to its parent document. Together the fragments form a flat hierarchical layer on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the set of all fragments makes up the corpus. Each fragment has a unique id, which simultaneously also links it to its parent document. Together the fragments form a flat hierarchical layer on
```
